I don't exactly know what that question means good feedback from what
from how good the food was at McDonald's today and one of the most important
things in the military and civilian life is to understand what
it is you're trying to achieve and once you understand what it is
you're trying to achieve your second obligation is how do I get people
would tell me how well I'm doing how old do I get people to come
up to me and say you could get where you're trying to go better if
you did this rather than that you know you need constructive feedback
both from below him from above and people are disinclined to give
you feedback we're trained early in life not to be particularly mean
to people a year we should criticize people may feel bad you know
if you ever have a choice between being right to be kind be kind and
all those things are true but sometimes if you really want somebody
to help you out so one of the ways you wanted make sure you get good
feedback is make sure you let the people you're seeing the beat feedback
from know that when they give you feedback here to listen and
you do not feel bad about them because he giving you feedback there
are far too many of us to say what I'm doing wrong and the minute you
say well then you know you spend too much time combing your hair
you know and the air left and I say what I of in the next time you asking
for feedback they say and I've seen that happen seen it plenty
in both military and so devilishly goals know what it is you're trying
to do and then ask people from and accept the feedback without some
and back at them either your boss or the people